Microk8s and Backup Failures (#4138)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | Clusters using Mircrok8s and conducting backup and restore operations using Velero with [restic](https://github.com/restic/restic) are encountering restic pods going into the _crashloopbackoff_ state. This issue stems from an upstream issue in the Velero project. You can learn more about the issue in GitHub issue [4035](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4035).                                                                                                                                                                                   | <!-- prettier-ignore -->  Refer to the <VersionedLink text="MicroK8s" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=kubernetes-microk8s" /> Additional Details section for troubleshooting workaround steps.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | October 1, 2024    | Clusters                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Clusters using Mircrok8s and conducting backup and restore operations using Velero with [restic](https://github.com/restic/restic) are encountering restic pods going into the _crashloopbackoff_ state. This issue stems from an upstream problem in the Velero project. You can learn more about it in the GitHub issue [4035](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4035) page.                                                                                                                                                                                   | <!-- prettier-ignore -->  Refer to the <VersionedLink text="MicroK8s" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=kubernetes-microk8s" /> Additional Details section for troubleshooting workaround steps.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | October 1, 2024    | Clusters                     |
```
maybe? :)

> | <!-- prettier-ignore --> Clusters deployed with Microk8s are cannot to accept kubectl commands if the <VersionedLink text="Spectro Proxy" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=spectro-proxy" /> is added to the cluster's cluster profile. The reason behind these issues is Microk8s' lack of support for `certSANs` . This causes the Kubernetes API server to reject Spectro Proxy certificates.                                                                                                                                                                           | Use the [admin kubeconfig file](../clusters/cluster-management/kubeconfig.md#kubeconfig-files) to access the cluster API, as it does not use the Spectro Proxy server. This option may be limited to environments where you can access the cluster directly from a network perspective.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | October 1, 2024    | Clusters, Pack               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <!-- prettier-ignore --> Clusters deployed with Microk8s cannot accept kubectl commands if the <VersionedLink text="Spectro Proxy" url="/integrations/packs/?pack=spectro-proxy" /> pack is added to the cluster's cluster profile. The reason behind this issue is Microk8s' lack of support for `certSANs`. This causes the Kubernetes API server to reject Spectro Proxy certificates.                                                                                                                                                                           | Use the [admin kubeconfig file](../clusters/cluster-management/kubeconfig.md#kubeconfig-files) to access the cluster API, as it does not use the Spectro Proxy server. This option may be limited to environments where you can access the cluster directly from a network perspective.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | October 1, 2024    | Clusters, Pack               |
```
